The first goal of Ŋotebook is to give access...

The next goal of Ŋotebook is to spark interest...

But the main goal of Ŋotebook is to enhance learning...


OVERVIEW
Project Ŋotebook is digital replication of pupils actual notebooks. Ŋotebook facilitates the processing and accessibility of pupils lesson records.

This is simply the testing/prototype version of the platform for pupils, tutors and parents to test and give us feedback on their experience with the app based on the suggestions you'll have, the complaints you may want to express, the features/functions you would want us to include or the features that you will like us to remove; generally what you will like us to improve on to help us make Ŋotebook better for you and the kids.

The platform currently comes with two sections, the "Lessons" section to access pupils class lesson contents and the "Explore" section for kids to learn various topics inline with their interests which helps boost their motivation to learn as well as to help parents and tutors track the interests of their kids...


MISSION
Our mission; is to curate the world's information to support academia.

We work to solve some of the inefficiencies in the schooling system relating to parents proper accessibility to their kids class lessons, to provide a better way of obtaining pupils lesson notes especially with pupils who are just learning to write, or whose handwriting are not yet neat...

We work to spark the interest of pupils towards education as we work to make the learning process of kids a fun and engaging experience while making it easily accessible by the parents and at the same time enabling new ways for teachers to educate pupils.

Studies have shown over and over again that students do better when they have interest and emotional connection to the topic that they learn, interest drives emotion, emotion drives attention and attention drives learning. By developing the interests of kids in what they learn in the classroom, they are more likely to stay engaged and develop a deeper and long-term understanding. 

Rather than enforcing pupils to memorize information without them knowing why; we work to ensure that the next generation will grow with a much better academic experience through enticing and motivating pupils to pick interest in knowledge, to re-brand, beautify and garnish education such that the pupils themselves are the ones who become eager to learn everyday.

Ultimately we work to give this and much more to every school, every teacher and every parent who wants the same for their kids, and together we'll design the new future of learning...
